U.S. health officials urge use of HIV pill for at-risk individuals - U.S. health officials on Wednesday issued new recommendations urging healthcare workers to consider offering an HIV prevention pill to healthy individuals who are at substantial risk for HIV infection.Two sick U.S. hospital workers test negative for MERS virus - Two U.S. hospital workers who fell ill after contact with a patient suffering from Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) have tested negative for the often-deadly virus, a Florida health official said on Wednesday.Deadly Illness in Nicaragua Baffles ExpertsAcross Central America, a kidney disease has killed at least 20,000 people over a decade and is so poorly understood that it does not have a universally agreed upon name.Scientists unearth unique long-necked dinosaur in Argentina - It's not exactly small at 30 feet long (9 meters), but you might want to call this newly identified dinosaur the littlest giant.Scientists, drugmakers, charities sign UK deal on animal research - More than 70 medical bodies in Britain, including Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca, have signed a pledge to be more open about their use of animals in scientific experiments.Scientists invent new letters for the alphabet of life - Scientists have taken the first steps toward writing the blueprint of life in an alphabet unknown to nature, they reported online in the journal Nature.Scientists help Galapagos finches combat killer maggots - Which nest is best to eliminate a blood-sucking pest? Scientists seeking to help endangered Galapagos Islands birds survive a deadly parasitic threat put that question to the test.Scientists vexed in probe of North American starfish deaths - Scientists are struggling to find the cause of a disease that is killing off numerous species of starfish on both the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of North America, dispatching the five-armed creatures in a particularly gruesome way.Researchers say Neanderthals were not our dimwitted inferiors - No offense, but your ancestors probably were no brighter than a Neanderthal.Mars Science Lab launch delayed two years NASA's launch of the Mars Science Laboratory - hampered by technical difficulties and cost overruns has been delayed until the fall of 2011, NASA officials said at a news conference Thursday in Washington. Golf's new boy wonder? He's been mistaken for Tiger Woods' ball-boy, but that won't be the case when golf's latest amateur prodigy Matt Fitzpatrick tees off at the Masters this week.Top golf courses in the worksAfter several years of stagnation, money is flowing again into both mothballed and new projects in the UAE.Annika Sorenstam in full swing - The most successful woman ever in the game, ten-time Major winner Annika Sorenstam shares some lessons at her academy in Florida.Golf returns to OlympicsLiving Golf's Shane O'Donoghue meets the architect behind Rio 2016's Olympic golf course.Golf CapsulesMartin Kaymer produced one of the most unlikely pars on the 17th green at the TPC Sawgrass without ever going in the water. It carried him to a one-shot victory Sunday in The Players Championship that was emotional in so many ways.Why England can't compete - England may be the home of football but has the success of the Premier League left English football in jeopardy?Brazil tackles child prostitution - The newly-renovated Castelao football stadium looms up ahead. Driving past it, we see women standing on street corners, leaning into cars and flashing nearly naked bodies in the low light.Football's Monopoly game fair or farce? - Three small letters striking like a dagger to the heart of football's richest football clubs.Cracking football's glass ceiling - French second-tier side Clermont Foot has hinted at a new dawn for football after appointing the country's first ever professional female coach.Real Madrid top soccer rich list - Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid will go head-to-head later this month to decide which football club is the finest in Europe but, when it comes to the bottom line, there is only one winner.Racism endemic in Spanish football? World and European champions on the football pitch, but blighted by endemic racism in the stands.Neymar backs 'peaceful' protests - Brazil's star footballer Neymar has given the thumbs up to political protests during this summer's World Cup in Brazil - as long as they are peaceful.Atletico in dream final - Atletico Madrid defeats Chelsea to book its place in the final of the Champions League and set up a clash with city rival Real in Lisbon on May 24.Super Eagle who flew to greatness - When Sunday Oliseh was a young boy kicking a football around the dusty streets of Lagos, he never dreamed he would one day carry the hopes of 170 million people on the world's biggest sporting stage.Can FBI help stop World Cup protests? Rubber bullets, drones and FBI-trained riot police. Welcome to Brazil's 2014 World Cup - will protests overshadow football's showpiece event?CAF wants thorough probe into DRC disaster - African football's ruling body, the Confederation of African Football, has called for a thorough investigation into how 15 fans died at a league match in the Democratic Republic of Congo.China relaxes rules for securities firmsBEIJING (Reuters) - China is relaxing rules for securities companies to allow them to expand their business and offer new products, another step in deepening reforms in its fledging capital.